README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite + shadcn UI + React Router

This project is a modern web application starter built with React, TypeScript, Vite, shadcn UI, React Router, and internationalization support.
## Tech Stack

- **Framework:** React 18
- **Build Tool:** Vite
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components:** shadcn UI (based on Radix UI)
- **Icons:** Lucide React
- **Routing:** React Router
- **State Management:** Redux (with Redux Toolkit)
- **Internationalization:** react-i18next
- **Form Handling:** React Hook Form
- **Validation:** Zod
- **Linting:** ESLint
- **Package Manager:** npm

## Key Features

- Highly customizable UI components from shadcn UI
- Dark mode support
- Type-safe development with TypeScript
- Fast development and build times with Vite
- Flexible styling with Tailwind CSS
- Customizable theming using CSS variables
- Client-side routing with React Router for seamless navigation
- Protected routes for authenticated users
- Automatic redirection to login page for unauthenticated access attempts
- Global state management with Redux
- Multi-language support with react-i18next
- Form handling and validation with React Hook Form and Zod

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start the development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run preview` - Preview the production build

## Project Structure

- `src/` - Application source code
  - `components/` - UI components
    - `ui/` - shadcn UI components
    - `Login.tsx` - Login component
    - `Home.tsx` - Home component
  - `lib/` - Utility functions
  - `App.tsx` - Main application component with routing
  - `main.tsx` - Application entry point
- `public/` - Static assets
- `vite.config.ts` - Vite configuration
- `tailwind.config.js` - Tailwind CSS configuration
- `tsconfig.json` - TypeScript configuration

## Recent Changes

- Added React Router for client-side routing
- Implemented a basic authentication flow with Login and Home pages
- Updated Login component to use React Hook Form and Zod for form handling and validation
- Added redirection after successful login

## Customization

This project uses shadcn UI, which allows for easy customization of components. You can modify the components in `src/components/ui/` to suit your needs.

## Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used in this project, check out the following resources:

- [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vite Documentation](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [TypeScript Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Tailwind CSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [shadcn UI Documentation](https://ui.shadcn.com/)
- [Radix UI Documentation](https://www.radix-ui.com/)
- [React Router Documentation](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [React Hook Form Documentation](https://react-hook-form.com/)
- [Zod Documentation](https://zod.dev/)

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Integrate Storybook for component development
- Add Storybook and its dependencies
- Configure Storybook for Vite and React
- Create a sample story for the Button component
- Add Storybook scripts to package.json
- Update .gitignore, README.md, and CHANGELOG.md
- Set up initial Storybook configuration files

This commit sets up Storybook for isolated component development and
documentation, improving the development workflow and making it easier
to showcase and test individual components.

README.md, after:

# React + TypeScript + Vite + shadcn UI + React Router

This project is a modern web application starter built with React, TypeScript, Vite, shadcn UI, React Router, and internationalization support.
## Tech Stack

- **Framework:** React 18
- **Build Tool:** Vite
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components:** shadcn UI (based on Radix UI)
- **Icons:** Lucide React
- **Routing:** React Router
- **State Management:** Redux (with Redux Toolkit)
- **Internationalization:** react-i18next
- **Form Handling:** React Hook Form
- **Validation:** Zod
- **Linting:** ESLint
- **Package Manager:** npm

## Key Features

- Highly customizable UI components from shadcn UI
- Dark mode support
- Type-safe development with TypeScript
- Fast development and build times with Vite
- Flexible styling with Tailwind CSS
- Customizable theming using CSS variables
- Client-side routing with React Router for seamless navigation
- Protected routes for authenticated users
- Automatic redirection to login page for unauthenticated access attempts
- Global state management with Redux
- Multi-language support with react-i18next
- Form handling and validation with React Hook Form and Zod

## Getting Started

## Storybook

This project uses Storybook for component development and documentation.

To run Storybook:

```bash
npm run storybook
```

This will start Storybook on http://localhost:6006.

To build Storybook as a static web application:

```bash
npm run build-storybook
```

This will create a `storybook-static` directory with the built Storybook.


1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start the development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint
- `npm run preview` - Preview the production build

## Project Structure

- `src/` - Application source code
  - `components/` - UI components
    - `ui/` - shadcn UI components
    - `Login.tsx` - Login component
    - `Home.tsx` - Home component
  - `lib/` - Utility functions
  - `App.tsx` - Main application component with routing
  - `main.tsx` - Application entry point
- `public/` - Static assets
- `vite.config.ts` - Vite configuration
- `tailwind.config.js` - Tailwind CSS configuration
- `tsconfig.json` - TypeScript configuration

## Recent Changes

- Added React Router for client-side routing
- Implemented a basic authentication flow with Login and Home pages
- Updated Login component to use React Hook Form and Zod for form handling and validation
- Added redirection after successful login

## Customization

This project uses shadcn UI, which allows for easy customization of components. You can modify the components in `src/components/ui/` to suit your needs.

## Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used in this project, check out the following resources:

- [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vite Documentation](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [TypeScript Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Tailwind CSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [shadcn UI Documentation](https://ui.shadcn.com/)
- [Radix UI Documentation](https://www.radix-ui.com/)
- [React Router Documentation](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [React Hook Form Documentation](https://react-hook-form.com/)
- [Zod Documentation](https://zod.dev/)

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
